Updates tracing documentation (#817)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/research_tool_docs/vara/usages/feature_performance_analysis.rst

    CXX_FLAGS="$CXX_FLAGS -fvara-feature -fsanitize=vara -fvara-instr=trace_event"

.. note::

>     By default, regions smaller than 100 instructions are ignore. To manualy set the instruction threshold, add ``-vara-instruction-threshold=X`` as a ``C/CXX_FLAG``, where ``X`` defines amount of instruction that need to be contained in a region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, regions smaller than 100 instructions are ignored. To manually set the instruction threshold, add ``-vara-instruction-threshold=X`` as a ``C/CXX_FLAG``, where ``X`` defines amount of instructions that need to be contained in a region.
```
